have you followed the news of fenatran that happened in São Paulo that
this month is evident that it is a period
this new cabin of arraia in missile facts
Otherwise it hardly escapes
now you're curious to know what it is you're here for again
for the professionals of spain we will show who is playing more
I'm ready
was running well the cast plus he who has to sell will have people who
will kill people in the cabin
now that everyone wants to know what has made me so victorious
visitors to the fair is impossible to predict
once I asked what had to be loaded
the project also establishes that ceal
there is no crisis either
a very great comfort
it was designed by rio de janeiro
the sport at the last touch
60 militants
we can see pounds
the position of driving
the height adjustment of the seat
its steering columns which is quite simple
which facilitated
in the main composed of the lean they just position themselves correctly
so for days he works ergonomically correct
tries to comfort her from the other commands every success of his mother's every
information was distributed to the law of every small effort
is the date that the pps will have to become clearer
the goal is precisely to expand the situation a little more and ends at 17
hours
almost 180 days today
as to programming in 66 2% of resources chance because sometimes
need not state that the thorny theme of Portuguese wines are
tired of producers
look what beauty can not deny throughout Brazil the idea of ​​going through
training with poets
after a lot of cost
here we have already attended training
We have to do something different from ours.
It's what's quite interesting.
these finul commands
was a moving driver able to command
without having to move by hand
The automatic pilot board computer with the face of the killer much of it
they really did not play
it's an act second
it was important to mark
Bruno was arrested.
as it was thought in natura funds that your room work
is a correct position so you will not become strong either
the production of the next film
already at all hours away
the arm
the pilots the jury
We've already seen inside the cabin now that out thank has a difference
pilot of hispania also
what does this have influence the truck has to do with this advantage
Are you sensitive to this?
certainly in a tropical country
I think it looks great on the cooling system
this new work the saga of
opening up a little more thereby facilitating the flow of air
and this in the final result in the economic
we know that strange trucks vacation
gnr has sold since 2004 more than 200 thousand vehicles
now with more these benefits have not yet increased
I'm sure this year I've been working on a system of improvements.
continuous
seeking to improve the product every day
this makes the increase an excellent way to
here only the city of Joseph by pastors of drivers and merchants
I think we're going to keep growing
the loser thank you very much for the company
nothing new
more comfort more health driver more performance for your truck a
from January you can already check this novelty closely
the benfica launch surprising me and doing what I always did everything for the
It is made